Dillworth phase 1 handover  
Metadata  
 
Title: Dillworth phase 1 handover  
Location: Teams  
Date: 2025 -02-11T20:00:16Z UTC  
Attendees: Alan Zych, Cory Stevenson, Frank Jonathan, KEL -WoodLake -BR(10)(VC), 
Kevin Trahan, Luke De Fazio, Tracy Moffat  
Link: https://app.meetgeek.ai/meeting/2f56c8a0 -a173 -4d46 -9011 -42956d0417b7  
Agenda:  
30-Minute General Meeting AgendaOpening and Welcome (1 minute)Quick welcome 
and introduction to the meeting's objectives.Review of Action Items (3 minutes)Brief 
update on the status of action items from the previous meeting.Key Discussions (20 
minutes)Focused discussion on one or two key issues that need input or decision -
making.Time -bound to ensure brevity and relevance.Next Steps (3 minutes)Quick 
summary of action items arising from the meeting's discussions.Assigning of 
responsibilities for these items.Wrap -Up (3 minutes)Final thoughts or 
comments.Confirm the time for the next meeting.  
 
MeetGeek Transcript  
 
Alan Zych - 00:01  
Okay, so let me give you kind of the high level intro here.  
So as I was saying before, our goal is to try and leverage some AI tools to make 
successfully recording the actual real conversations that happen in a handoff meeting 
And translating that into is not always working fantastically, the documentation of those 
discussions for the purposes of the handoff  
form and pill.  
So that when we review those as part of the ops KPI, when review those, something 
goes wrong later on in the project,  or if something goes right, that we have that to refer 
back to and it's an accurate We've done this with a couple different branches so far, had 
some success.  
What would like everybody to do today is going through the handoff Questions that 
exist in the pill handoff meeting today.  
Please read out the question that you're trying to answer as you kind of move between 
of discussion.  
Obviously, certain things kind of wind up flowing in a conversation.  
 
Alan Zych - 01:30  
Somebody says, oh, well, what about and Z?  
And that ties into something below.  
But what we'd like to have happen is you are kind the question and then providing 
answer.  
If you have a bunch back and forth, try at the very end of that question to just 
summarize your kind of final answer, if you'd like to say.  
What going to do, as I was saying before, is this is being recorded, it's being transcribed, 
We're gonna run the transcript through NAI and say, conversation, here are the 
questions we need answered, please give me answer.  
We inevitably then run it through a second time and say, hey, try, can you give us a little 
more detail from conversation, what people actually said, don't make it summarized.  
And then it usually spits something out fairly decent.  
 
Alan Zych - 02:33  
So provide that to you.  
Still run your handoff meetin g the way you normally would and put your answers in.  
The product is not ready prime time for your answers yet, but we'll provide that to you 
so you can see how it worked.  
Fair.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 02:54  
questions?  
 
Alan Zych - 02:54  
Oh you going to use this to steal my voice and hack my credit card or something like 
that?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 03:01  
I'm not, by the way.  
Fantastic.  
 
Alan Zych - 03:11  
will, I'll be online until the end.  
So will our note takers and the recording will go, but you guys do what you do.  
I'm going to go turn my camera off and pretend we're Okay.  
You can even know, fucker Alan a couple of times just to check if I'm really listening.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 03:33  
Oh, folks.  
right.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 03:38  
Dariusz, should we get started?  
 
Multiple speakers - 03:39  
Sure, yep.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 03:41  
All right, starting with Dillwood Centre phase 1, buildings 1A and 1B.  
conventional assemblies are WP08, as labeled on the drawings, 2 -ply modbed system, 
about 260 squares overall.  
It's over a plywood deck, soap of that bar, two layers of 2.6 inches, glass -faced ISO, 
Tapered, Mysore Deered, and then 2 -in-1 Super Smart Board and a Super Lean Flamm 
250 FRGR.  
And this is George, my bad.  
And 
this roof is being picture framed, so on flashings you have the Superplastic Duo and the 
Superplastic Traffic app.  
WP10, these are small canopies along the main roof, about squares.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 04:41  
System as it's shown, 2 -in-1 super smart board which is mechanically fastened, and then 
you have a super ply -stack traffic app which is self -adhered.  
for is 10 -year system warranty.  
I'm to go into the ground level, portion of our job.  
Overall, you have about squares.  
this assembly here, WP -04-04A, which is overall squares.  
Over a concrete deck, you have a super lean flamm 180 base torch and flamm 250 FRGR 
torched, super 18G loose -laid and then a filter fabric which is loose -laid.  
So that's All over blue portions of the roof of the patio area you see here.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 05:41  
Landscape Planters 74 squares.  
same torch cap base, super barrier 30, two layers of 3 inch XPS 35 PSI, filter fabric which 
So that's happening pretty much all through these green portions, all these planters, 
inside  
a parking ramp that's calling out torch cap, super drain 18G, Then in yellow here.  
So The reason I blacked out this thing is previously we 4 inch XPS, which we discussed 
and took that out during the time of bid.  
So we insulation at the WP04 or 04A.  
 
Multiple speakers - 06:44 
areas, you have about 123 squares, so this is all of our orange areas as you can see.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 06:51  
Pretty much as WP09.  
Not 
that's being replaced the basketball court and a paved street in purple here.  
So that's all base cap and 18G.  
And then moving There is a about 0.5 squares of WP04 -04A 
level  
quite an extensive portion Which is about 12 squares, system as we spoke about earlier.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 07:57  
And those of our systems all through.  
Any questions systems?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 08:06  
I looked through the specs and actually the was for I believe SOPRA -INFLAM 180 cap 
base and 180 cap.  
So was the confirmation of direction from the customer to change to 250?  
That's the first question.  
And the second one is, was there also requirement to use the file rated cap on the 
concrete deck?  
 
Frank Jonathan - 08:37  
Okay, yes, let me just open up the spec here because This is a long while I'll open it up 
here.  
with the FR cap is because it mentioned a flame retarding agent.  
 
Multiple speakers - 09:28  
So we went 250 FR instead of the 180. And there was mention the 180 as  
 
Frank Jonathan - 09:44  
bid, so that's why I confused.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 09:51  
think that's exactly what you've got highlighted over here, so proof material, you've got 
the base go up, go up little bit, you've got that exactly right on the top of screen, you've 
got the base sheeting, brainstorming, flam 118 and another flam 18. So what I'm saying 
here is because the deck is  
gonna get covered with the d rainage mat and insulation, There is no express membrane, 
we can basically go base on base and that will be cost saving.  
We can use the FRCAP on the main roof, which will make sense.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 10:28  
But here we're dealing not combustible surface.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 10:32  
Right.  
Yeah, that makes sense.  
 
Multiple speakers - 10:33  
It could be a cost saving and a future discussion for sure.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 10:38  
But at the time of bidding, did go the FRCAP and let me confirm That on the estima te as 
well, yes.  
So yes, we did go with the 250. Okay.  
On inverted as well.  
So that might be a cost Okay.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 10:52  
Right.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 10:53  
We're there saving.  
apart from that, did you have any questions?  
If we can come back to the main, to the level one plaza.  
 
Multiple speakers - 11:02  
I've got a question about the, all the planters.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 11:05  
So I Do not see, I didn't see any of the OLSAN RS230 liquid membrane to do, to address 
penetration, since we are not doing co -travel over there, we're doing SBS, so any 
doubles will have to be finished with the OLSAN and I don't see that over here, so was 
that excluded from the contract?  
 
Frank Jonat han - 11:30  
So we put that as MISC?  
On the estimate, and we really don't quantify Alsan, because again, a lot of details way 
out through, but we have allowed for some misc contingency to cover that.  
Apart other questions for Dariusz?  
Not for the deck.  
Okay.  
Yeah.  
All right.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 12:00  
Awesome.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 12:00  
And this is what the conventional looks like on the main Uh, for this is building 1A.  
Um, you have Superwalk on, uh, the service path.  
the light blue represents WP08, wher e we are having a picture frame right around the 
edges or the perimeter stripping, should say.  
And being torched.  
So, um, and then WP10, it's And that's the exterior here.  
have two pop -up proofs, elevator and stair.  
That's on the roof.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 12:46  
And then building 1B, WP08, service proofs, WP10 on the edges.  
That's for Any questions Nope.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 13:11  
right.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 13:12  
on to a were not the best at the time of bidding.  
So we've assumed for the best, just to begin with.  
the perfect details.  
We membrane run up and over.  
And then actually we have it run up and over, we suffocation or high temp membrane 
underneath the cap.  
And a cap sheet there.  
And then pretty Is that metal cladding panel That is not included.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 13:57  
So what are we doing with membrane?  
The membrane will bring in up over parapets?  
Yes, that is about it.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 14:03  
Okay.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 14:11  
inside would be by the cladders, but since we didn't get any responses, we just included 
for the membrane up and over.  
Okay. 
Yeah.  
And then these are your Pop on the main you have your membrane run up and tied into 
the wall here through wall flashing and then a drip edge on the far end.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 14:50  
level.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 14:53  
Again, pretty much all wherever you see like a Does the fabric run up?  
I'm sure we've included for those.  
Should be able to cover and then... So detail.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 15:14  
We don't have any of the press stripping that was not required at the time of the 
meeting.  
That's not included in price.  
If that be requested, it will be coming as As separate, yeah.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 15:37  
And Pretty all of the details are There isn't a lot of change from one And then Again, 
pretty much the same.  
any questions overall about the drawings?  
Not for me.  
All So do we estimate quickly or just go to the work order?  
Maybe let's go to the work order and then we'll be  able to  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 16:23  
Actually, Let's do the estimate right work order and then we'll go through the checklist 
for the handoff.  
Okay.  
All right.  
problem.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 16:35  
So, 
color -coded in phase 1 A and B for WP08 and P10.  
Then you have your conventional assemblies listed down.  
There considerable amount of tapered.  
So, I think the price that we carried was cheapest between the suppliers at that time.  
And then do attack drums, 250 And then the perimeter picture framing is separate d 
That's my calculation we have included for.  
 
Multiple speakers - 17:28  
all that inclusive, For the stripping, we have pry travel grade which is the part of the cold 
stripping assembly?  
I think I've elastical stick, goes with the super ply stick tool.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 17:53  
have the copay yet, no.  
Okay.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 17:59  
right.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 18:04  
asks for the field after picture framing.  
Elasticall 500, Soper Walk, HD.  
And price per square foot at $16.53.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 18:22  
Um, labor, why is your look, can, if we can come back to the, uh, to the material over so 
this is the main roof, as we are doing picture framing using, uh, let me take a look, are 
we using elastic, sorry, the, uh, supply traffic stick cap?  
Yeah.  
 
Multiple speakers - 18:46  
Okay, so we kind of mistake whi ch being repeated across the board.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 18:57  
So, if the requirement is for the airfare fire rated cap, the traffic state cap is not rated.  
 
Multiple speakers - 19:05  
Okay, agreed.  
Yes, but with Flynn's initiative policy, We won't be able to build this job unless we 
carry... There is option when we can get a standard traffic cap and then we're using the 
adhesive, like the Coldplay EF adhesive, but that process for the installation is way 
longer and more costly than the state  
 
KEL-Wood Lake -BR(10)(VC) - 19:36  
traffic cap is.  
They may come back on us that we are giving them the product, the cold Coldply 
product lines, but not fully fire rated.  
Okay.  
All right.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 19:51  
So, that the fire rated products, we'd have to go with the Coldply traffic app, which 
would use the Coldply.  
Just give me a second.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 20:19  
and then we'll use the Coldplay EF that and that system.  
Yeah.  
Okay.  
All right.  
I'll keep projects.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 20:31  
Okay.  
For sure.  
Okay.  
All right.  
Then on to the So yeah, quite an extensive number coded to what's there on the 
drawings.  
And then, oh, my bad.  
There right.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 20:58  
And then, board, 18G.  
Yeah, might be a pickup here with That's there and then two layers of three inch XPS 
square.  
Overall you're looking at close to $ 5.66 at $9.63 a square foot on the  
work order.  
there any specific about the stuff that you wanted to go over, Dariusz?  
No, I look at those hours, that all seems reasonable.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 21:54  
You will have to, of course, look at the any kind of press scripting and all some 
equipment bring if needed for that, but that will be coming as extra.  
The one Thank you.  
Okay, so when you do the installation and then also for fabrication in the specs, when 
we look at the specs kind of confusing.  
There ar e two places when they're talking about the Sheet metal.  
And then one place which is the 0762, which is the bitumenal material.  
They've got a section about flashing, cut flashing, when they're asking for 10 -foot pieces 
with the S -log. 
And then another section 0762, which is Directly talking about the sheet metal, they're 
asking about 8 -foot pieces and the standing seam joints.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 22:59  
So which one did you use in your estimate?  
Because that will be a different installation rate.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 23:09  
Okay, think I went with the single starter strip cleats, then go with the double and the 
10-foot My sheets are all 4x10s.  
Let me reconfirm that for us here, just a second.  
Oh my bad,  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 23:54  
Yep so that's that and then scope overview or review.  
 
Multiple speakers - 24:03  
Okay let me let with the with the questions then we'll be able to appeal those.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 24:13  
So who is the customer for the project describe our past working any, are they any 
concern to not before proceedings?  
Me personally, I've never worked with the construction so I can't comment on the 
relationship those.  
I don't know attended more, any other estimates for those or you've got any experience 
with them?  
haven't worked either.  
It's our first project with them.  
Okay.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 24:49  
I see in the work we've contact persons.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 24:54  
We've got Brian Rich who is the project manager for Grayback.  
We've got Earl Faraguna who is the construction manager and Bob McAllister who is the 
superintendent.  
So this is the main context for us.  
Schedule review was the project construction schedule expected our scope.  
 
Multiple speakers - 25:20  
The start roofing is scheduled for 13th of October 2025. And the project is scheduled for 
128 crew with total crew.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 25:36  
My question is, with all the multi -scope projects, The way I counted for multiple 
mobilization and demobilization because we probably will be asked to come and do 
some pre -stripping then come back later on field as of any of those.  
 
Multiple speakers - 25:59  
Right, so whatever is on been included for and anything above this.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 26:10  
Inverted looks like 297 hours, so that's definitely mobilization over there.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 26:19  
And for mod bit section you have 104 hours.  
104 hours, yeah.  
 
Multiple speakers - 26:34  
review, any matter estimated that we will lead times for ordering delivery?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 26:43  
Your comments on this?  
Everything is standard, standard stock, so I don't think there are any times.  
 
Frank Jonathan  - 26:54  
From what I the taper package probably will need three to four weeks.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 27:01  
Before all that will be completed, but like you said, the rest seems to standard product 
and easily available.  
Have any alternate materials included for work specification?  
Do we need to bring this to attention of the client customer before starting?  
So, items to be confirmed would be roof anchors were shown as a bidding.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 27:33  
Apart from that, I don't see any other confirmed as everything letter.  
Okay.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 27:47  
Risk 
It'd be good to get some eyes on it near closer, but for Okay.  
 
Multiple speakers - 28:04  
Do you feel that there are underlying risks concentrated with performing on this And do 
we need to bring anything to the attention of the customer before starting?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 28:14  
So definitely Kevin and Cory, there will be a situation with multiple trades in our way . 
We'll have to coordinate leverage and making sure we've got the safety zone set up 
around all lifting equipment as  
soon as the perimeter of our work.  
 
Multiple speakers - 28:39  
And to add that, I you're working on wood deck lot of torch, so safety to be watched out 
for. 
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 28:53  
the risk, working at heights, combustible products, place to minimize this risk?  
Picture framing current, all the penetrations, picture framing current, all parameters, all 
the combustibles will have to be removed from the working area the safety distance.  
Task swept and garbage picked.  
Working at the heights, we'll have our guardrail set up around the perimeter.  
Cory, any questions on this?  
Any concerns, suggestions?  
 
Multiple speakers - 29:35  
No, again, nothing jumps out just looking but we'll have to actually see real site 
conditions when Okay, so to be reviewed.  
 
Cory Stevenson - 29:44  
Okay, equipment review.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 29:50  
has been estimated for each?  
Frank, I've got a question.  
What about crane usage?  
 
Frank Jonathan - 30:00  
So we have an on our estimate, but depending project is complete and if the crane is 
still there on site time for us to use, it all depends.  
we've carried for 250 dollars an hour And total allowance of both inverted and, let me 
just combine this one second, 20 hours here on inverted, 46 hours overall, has been 
allowed for.  
Okay.  
Did rights to the tower crane on site?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 30:42  
don't think so.  
Okay.  
Project scope the estimation team drawing, specification and estimate?  
My answer is yes.  
Everything was presented, the information at this point are clear.  
We will probably have more questions once will get closer to the project, send some 
advice.  
We'll to confirm with the customer use of that 180 base on base on the deck if they're 
okay with that this is not combustible.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 31:27  
Also any kind of pre -stripping we'll have to do on the time material base which will be 
probably safer for us.  
It will be difficult with that amount of the planters on site.  
difficult to estimate that probably.  
Okay, I don't think more on this.  
The estimating provides construction team a complete global takeoff.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 31:56  
Yes, it's there on your folder.  
Yeah, I like easy for guys for our performance to  spot, so thank you for that.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 32:09  
Does the construction team have a 100% clear idea of what our complete scope is?  
yes. 
At this point, there is no more questions.  
We have very little time review this, but everything seems clear.  
Form and comments.  
What input suggestion did Foreman have installation Kevin, Um, no, it seems like it 
should be fairly straightforward.  
 
Multiple speakers - 32:43  
do like the color coding as That should help a lot to know uh, yeah.  
 
Kevin Trahan - 32:51  
So you think any obstacles I think what customer?  
 
KEL-WoodLak e-BR(10)(VC) - 33:02  
Um, no, I don't think so.  
Okay.  
 
Multiple speakers - 33:11  
review or have project payroll attributes will be confirmed I say yes.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 33:19  
It appears be correct.  
design, do we have design from the manufacturer warranty And provides the adhesive 
pastaining pattern.  
Did we obtain that design letter?  
Yes. 
Okay.  
So we've got in PIO?  
Yeah, in the design review folder.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 33:45  
Okay.  
And then did provide wind uplift calculation?  
 
Multiple speake rs - 33:50  
wind uplift calculation provided by the customer or did you obtain them from the wind 
uplift calculator?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 33:56  
We obtained that from the wind uplift calculator.  
Okay, so we'll have to confirm with the client.  
Yes, sometimes they have a little bit stricter requirements than what's needed, fine.  
 
Multiple speakers - 34:13  
That's at least give us a good window, good starting point for the material.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 34:19  
Does this project require cold water application procedures as recommended by the 
manufacturer?  
 
Frank Jonathan - 34:25  
they?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 34:26  
So as we will be starting this project in October, we'll be probably running into late, you 
know, late or in the winter and proceeding through the winter with that.  
So we'll definitely have some limitations with the With the cap stripping installation, like 
the cut -off is zero degree, I'll have to make sure that the customer aware of that.  
We'll have to use a winter rated product, so winter rated primers for the SOPRA VAP.  
This we can install to minus 10, which is good.  
We'll at least get them more waterti ght for the time being.  
But yes, there is a high chance that we'll have to use the winter rated product for this 
project.  
Okay.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 35:23  
contract been reviewed internally?  
that's been reviewed, but our branch manager development manager as long as me for 
the details.  
If you are the subcontractor, do you have the copy of prime contract?  
If not, request the copy of the prime contract.  
don't have the copy of prime contract, I believe, yet.  
That will be requested.  
Do we know if prime pay ment rules apply under provincial registration?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 36:00  
are the payment terms and how long it will take for our invoice to be paid?  
We don't have the – I don't believe we have the prompt payment rules yet, but it, will 
take for the invoice to be paid and then the payment terms.  
Does the contract specify requirements proper invoice?  
 
Multiple speakers - 36:26  
What information must be included in our invoice?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 36:29  
What documentation information must be submitted with invoice?  
So, definitely the progress r eport and the schedule of values will accompany each of the 
invoices.  
Do we need to submit a draft invoice before we submit our action invoice?  
If so, draft need to be submitted?  
What information must be provided in the draft invoice?  
That's applicable, I believe, at this yet.  
And then bonding, is the performing bond requirement required project?  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 37:03  
Do we have bonding for this?  
No, we don't bonding.  
No bonding?  
No bonding.  
Okay.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 37:11  
I think this is what I ha ve. 
Okay.  
forward with order, I think that the set most but just a quick run through.  
128 crew days, six -man crew, grayback construction, roofing system visual under this 
folder and file destination These documents been reviewed at the Then you have your 
all broken out for inverted mod bid.  
hours reflects separately for each.  
Contacts, we went that already.  
It's your system warranty.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 38:12  
is basically just a copy paste from the quote letter, the main one is like, there's no 
RCABC warranty included for.  
Scaffolding by construction manager.  
Price includes two inch XPS perimeter of the buildings.  
So pretty much the main ones.  
24 gauge metal standard stock colors.  
And then be confirmed, roofing anchors to be confirmed.  
pretty much got to do with the design letter at the time the wind calculated through the 
calculator.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 39:06  
So yeah, I think we spoke about this already add -ons w ould be like the Superwalk, is for 
that service path that we just had chance to look at.  
24 gauge metal, 16 roof scuppers on the main roof.  
Then WP10, Pretty much all of them canopies, then 24 gauge metal as Inverted supply, 
WP03, all footage for each of them.  
And that wraps up our work order here.  
Any other  
All right, awesome.  
Thanks guys, good luck.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 40:17  
you.  
 
Frank Jonathan - 40:20  
Thank you.  
 
Multiple speakers - 41:00  
never had a crowd that big like this time so get a little nervous and jump the gun and 
then let Frank order.  
 
Cory Stevenson - 41:06  
My apologies.  
You're good right now.  
You guys are pretty engaged there so let's go.  
 
Luke De Fazio - 41:13  
Okay yeah we did went through the specs earlier and sent through the work order as 
well so maybe that was bad.  
 
Multiple speakers - 41:22  
Yeah no and I think you guys have some stuff to change too right and you're already on 
it so you guys got some definitely some time here so it's good good.  
Uh, yeah, it's just the torching the wood is a little concerning, but you guys might need 
to change that to meet protocols.  
 
KEL-WoodLake -BR(10)(VC) - 41:39  
That's the only comment I would have.  
 
Cory Stevenson - 41:44  
Awesome.  
Okay.  
 
Luke De Fazio - 41:45  
appreciate you guys having us and if you guys help, just let us know.  
you.  
 
